do_pml should not be parsed anymore. (#2183)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

--------------------------

* ``boundary.field_lo`` and ``boundary.field_hi`` (`2 strings` for 2D, `3 strings` for 3D, `pml` by default)

>     Boundary conditions applied to fields at the lower and upper domain boundaries. 

Author: ```suggestion
    Boundary conditions applied to fields at the lower and upper domain boundaries.
```

>     Boundary conditions applied to field at the lower and upper domain boundaries. Depending on the type of boundary condition, the value for ``geometry.is_periodic`` will be set.

Author: ```suggestion
    Boundary conditions applied to fields at the lower and upper domain boundaries. 
```
